Peer Review by Aaron Rock:

1.What did you like about this website?

    I am so impressed with your website from the style to the coding aspect. Your ebsite does an amazing job 
    of giving the user an enjoyable experience of navigating around the site without having any page that 
    is out of place or lacking in style. I thought you did a great job with being selfless and making a site 
    for the purpose of others just like the spec asked for. I think my favorite part was the nav bar and the use 
    of javascript.

2.Describe one significant difference between your own P1 site and this person's. E.g.

    I think the biggest difference between our sites is the amount of inforamtion you give the user. 
    My site gives inforamtion on the cycling club but you go in depth more on inforamtion that the user would 
    find enjoyable.

    1.Which has a better user experience (and why)?

        In my opinion yours does. I found myself actually reading all of your site and was impressed with the images
        and context. I never felt that there was info or an image that was out of place.

    2.Which codebase do you think would be more maintainable (and why)?

        I think it is close but yours would be easier to maintain. My reasoning behind this is simply just because 
        updating my calender and events can become a bit time consuming. 

3.Is the code well-structured within files, and well-organized between files and directories?

    Yes, your code is easy to naviagate and understand. Each item is labeled with something meaningful and is placed 
    where it should be.

    1.if not, suggest some specific improvements

        My only thing I could find is in attactions.html the body text goes wider than the coding window, but really 
        that is more of a style choice.

4.Did you find any other issues? If so, briefly enumerate them.

    I did not find anything else that I would change or any code that is concerning.

    1.were semantically appropriate elements selected
        Yes, each element, class, id is selected correctly and used appropriately.

    2.is the CSS refactored to limit duplication?

        The code is well used with not having any duplicate code. I actually thought with a site this large there 
        would be much more CSS, but when inspecting the site it is just used wisely.

5.Do you have any other constructive comments for the author?

    I do not. I think that your site was truly amazing. Great job!

